Prepare OData-Data-Agg for OASIS standard (#2048)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-data-aggregation-ext/3.2 Basic Aggregation.md

   - Otherwise, the behavior is undefined. (Such cases never occur when $\Pi_G(s)$ is used in this document.)
3. Return $u$.

> Instances in the output set of $\Pi_G(s)$ that contain the key of an entity MAY retain that entity's applicable control information [#OData-JSON#ControlInformation].

Reviewer: something like (feel free to edit as appropriate)
```suggestion
Instances in the output set of $\Pi_G(s)$ that contain the key of an entity retain the metadata associated with the entity instance, such as id and etag.
```
and *possibly* state that this information *may* be returned in the final response according to the format-specific conventions.
